Hein sports have been developed with the concept of having pleasure for everyone
A full-length adjustable shock absorber with a high spec .
Stimulates the driver's sports mind in a car model that enjoys sports driving surely
It is a setting that has both stress and softness in the city.
Was
The photo as determined a more comfortable moving space What is
Two- wheel setting in pursuit of the highest-grade ride
I secured a ride that is likely to be lost in the lowdown
If you are particular about high level sports driving, you will be comfortable with Finland Tour
If it is one sport, you will surely get the pleasure of running satisfactory
Also sports world is as a shock absorber for mass production street to the strut type
First new structure
We adopted the strong tube upright formula
This structure is popular in the top categories of the world including the ERC European Rally Championship
Is a victory for
Feedback from dedicated shock absorber type group n to rally
Naughty victory proves its high reliability and achievements
Strong tube upright type adopts triple tube structure
It is found in the strat type of other companies' products
Difference from charge type upright shock absorber
Securing a sufficient high rigidity required for the strut type iron
Feces performance of the shock absorber has also been trying to do that to achieve both at a high level
Furthermore, all adjustment dials for damping force can be placed on the upper side of the shock absorber
have become
Annoyance when adjusting damping force is suggested
Motor installation work of optional edfc series has also become very easy
The sport uses a newly developed advance msv
Achieves excellent steering space and Nakai 's surface follow-up performance in the previous period
New design exclusively for the well-established Advance Needle 6 army sports
It will be about 3 times more than our conventional products
It becomes possible to have a damping force adjustment range
Achieve closeness of commitment in various situations
Say zero in the claims ratio and the past 500,000 by 5 pieces of sheet and bracket
there is pain in the surface treatment with its own excellent anti-corrosion effect
zt coat etc
Also followed the functional performance with a high track record in other Pin life tone
Of course all options including edfc active pro
It supports edfc series
Made in Yokohama under strict quality control
While it is only this high-performance high-performance high-quality
We realized very affordable price from 141,000 yen
Heen sports are for you who are particular about running
Hmm
Full-length adjustable shock of high spec responsible type structure that gives us the joy of running surely
It is an absorber
me